---
tags:
  - weekly-notes
---
## 2024-03-19
[[TO-DO]]
### Notes from meeting
Paolo talked about regular triggers for Erling and Christian's setup to test whether the sampling rate is regular, that might be worth exploring for us too.
Test for EEG:
1. manually tap nodes
2. small head movements and blinking should create large disturbances
3. closing eyes and after a few seconds (30s) you should be able to see alpha for oscillatory channels.
Record with no filters on, and fix the y-axis units and scaling on the plot.
Laurits has scripts for plotting, both raw data and spectrum density plots. (remind him to send it)

### Notes for next meeting
#### What did we achieve
* bullet points
#### What did we struggle with
* bullet points

#### What would we like to work on next week
* bullet points, try to give time estimates

#### Where do we need help from Paolo
* How do we get timestamps from the EEG, we purely get 8 channels of data but we do not get the timestamp or acceleration data -> LSL should timestamp automatically, Paolo doesn't know why it doesn't
	* test using multiple streams, even if we have a shift in the timestamp because we use timestamp at receiving time it should be fine
	* somehow we should use LSL for synchronisation according to Laurits
	* there is a method to align multiple streams, also helps with different ratio of lines of data 
* How do we get alpha and beta bandwidth, supposedly the EEG can do it directly
* We could honestly not see much on the EEG, only major things such as I start to talk, but not blinking


Daily notes are supposed to be more specific
### Tuesday notes
What did we do today?
We worked some more on our inlet and outlet script but more importantly, we got to try out the EEG. 

How long did we spend on lunch?


How much time did we spend actively working?
5h

What are we doing next time?
Offline analysis on the data collected today. 

### Wednesday Notes
What did we do today?


How long did we spend on lunch?


How much time did we spend actively working?


What are we doing next time?

### Thursday Notes
Currently we have a psychopy experiment that sends markers (1-4) each frame of the experiment through a pylsl stream. All markers come with the direction of that trials arrow and also a timestamp.

On the other end we have a script that catches this stream and pulls both markers and timestamps into a dataframe.
Script is also capable of catching data from the Enobio 8 with timestamps, however, timestamps are not unix so we need to **figure out** how to convert. 

1) Figure out how to convert timestamps from enobio to unix so we can align them with timestamps from psychopy. (or unix to whatever enobio uses)

2) Align the dataframes based on their timestamps, possibly duplicating values (preferably duplicating experiment rows) (save this for offline use)

3) Feed the LDA classifier
	1) Find out how to "filter out" the three channels of interest (Cz, C3, C4)
	2) Filter alpha and beta waves for the three laplacian derivations
	3) Find the best feature, one of the bands (??? how to)
	4) Split into 0.5second chunks, average and feed?
	5) Update weights (?)
	6) Predict and make experiment arrow move (🍒)

4) Compare different methods of classifier training ? (possibly offline)

5) Play videogames (!!!)


What did we do today?


How long did we spend on lunch?


How much time did we spend actively working?


What are we doing next time?
