---
tags:
  - weekly-notes
---
## 2024-02-06
[[TO-DO]]
### Notes from meeting
Make a presentation on either BCI motor imagery techniques or MOABB, using review papers. MOABB higher priority.
Bring laptops to meetings so we can talk about notes.
Paolo sent us a motor imagery [[Motor Imagery Approach for BCI Game Development|paper]] on teams.
Sounded like Laurits thinks 

Instead of trying to find a dataset that matches our style of headset and configuration, we were recommended to find a dataset where we could replicate the experiment. Even if it's just on a subset of electrode placements, the model can always be trained on a subset of the original dataset.

Fourier transformation is when one wave is split into multiple. Comparing different bands is done across time to figure out which wave is dominant currently, e.g. if you wanna know if the brain is in alpha you don't compare how much gamma or beta activity there is currently, instead you look at a different point in time and compare with the alpha activity then.

Challenge paper supposedly would be a nice read, but maybe it's just because they explain basic eeg stuff.

Write an email to fm asking for access to 5th floor DR building

### Notes for next meeting
#### What did we achieve
* Hopefully moabb presentation
	* Read papers for datasets on the short list
- Access to fifth floor?

#### What did we struggle with
* bullet points

#### What would we like to work on next week
* bullet points, try to give time estimates

#### Where do we need help from Paolo
* Advice on what dataset would be best to choose? 
* Maybe how to set up experiment to gather data the same way
* How important is specifically ear for grounding?


Daily notes are supposed to be more specific
### Tuesday notes
What did we do today?
- clean up Obsidian and add all of the notes we have
- look through datasets in more detail and figure out a shortlist
	- Zhou
	- BNCI2015_001
	- GrosseWentroup
	- Cho
- 

How long did we spend on lunch?
1h :)

How much time did we spend actively working?
5h

What are we doing next time?
- make presentation on the different data sets for next Tuesday

### Thursday Notes
What did we do today?
nothing

How long did we spend on lunch?
2h 40min :)

How much time did we spend actively working?
9.40 - 

What are we doing next time?
 * Put documents (we have read) into zotero
 * Take notes on dataset papers
 * Find papers mentioned in dataset papers