## 2024-01-30
### Notes for meeting
#### What did we achieve
* bull
#### What did we struggle with
* bullet points

#### What would we like to work on next week
* bullet points, try to give time estimates

#### Where do we need help from Paolo
* ...


Daily notes are supposed to be more specific
### Tuesday notes
What did we do today?
We had our first meeting with Paolo and Laurits,, we're gonna be having weekly meetings with them and also Christian & Erling because Paolo doesn't want to waste time saying the same thing twice.
Then spent time defining the scope of our project, with ideas on how to expand if we want to make it more complex.
Current idea: Using motor imagery to play space invaders. Try to find a model that we can train on external data, internal data (eg. a dataset of Chris doing jedi mind tricks) and seeing how well we accurate the model is across datasets. Various interesting measures could be, is external dataset worse compared to the internal? is one persons dataset easier to use for the other person? 
Expansion: Can we use the external dataset to train the model, and then tune the model to a person? Will this have any benefits, ie. lower training cost, increased accuracy (even compared to totally internal dataset) and potentially a lower threshold for "internal" dataset size?

Set up a journal for weekly notes and questions we might have for meetings.

and then we finished a draft for our problem statement.

How long did we spend on lunch?
30min :(

How much time did we spend actively working?
2h

What are we doing next time?
Revise problem statement if given feedback, otherwise hand in. 
Find literature we can go through on motor imagery and using pre-trained classifiers on new people.
Find code/datasets that we can use for research.

### Thursday Notes
What did we do today?
greatness

How long did we spend on lunch?

How much time did we spend actively working?

What are we doing next time?