---
tags:
  - weekly-notes
---
## 2024-02-20
[[TO-DO]]
### Notes from meeting
Fourier transformation is basically taylor polynomials, at least for eeg. Important part to remember is that you're mapping from one space to another and back again. So you can e.g. go from power as a function of time into dB as a function of frequency (continuous hist) filter out bands and go back again.
We have been tasked with figuring out how to recreate the trials of our chosen dataset. Talk to kazakhstan girl.

### Notes for next meeting
#### What did we achieve
* bullet points
#### What did we struggle with
* Experiment setup

#### What would we like to work on next week
* read paper on Laplacian derivations (Thursday)
* actually write some code

#### Where do we need help from Paolo
* Do you have any MI experiment setup that we can use so we don't have to start from scratch?
* Do you have any filtering code? To get the three Laplacian derivations we are interested in and α β bands.
* Have you heard of the Graz BCI training paradigm and is there anything you could help us with there?
* Do you know what equi-distant points means?


Daily notes are supposed to be more specific
### Tuesday notes
What did we do today?
Attended meeting and read about previous experiment setups.

How long did we spend on lunch?
1.5h

How much time did we spend actively working?
4.75

What are we doing next time?
Thinking about the specifics of experiment setups.

### Wednesday Notes
What did we do today?
Not work on the project, write masters applications.

How long did we spend on lunch?


How much time did we spend actively working?


What are we doing next time?

### Thursday Notes
What did we do today?
Look into the structure for the trials of the dataset we are using and figure out what structure their model has so that we can recreate it. 
Download MOABB and dataset, as well as some example code from MOABB on how to use the datasets.

How long did we spend on lunch?
Lunch at work ◡̈

How much time did we spend actively working?
2h

What are we doing next time?
Meeting with Paolo and figuring out where to go from here. 